docs: fix LRS example link (#35002)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_reporting_service.rst

server can send a :ref:`LoadStatsResponse <envoy_v3_api_msg_service.load_stats.v3.LoadStatsResponse>`
to a node it is interested in getting the load reports for. Envoy in this node will start sending
:ref:`LoadStatsRequest <envoy_v3_api_msg_service.load_stats.v3.LoadStatsRequest>`. This is done periodically
based on the :ref:`load reporting interval <envoy_v3_api_field_service.load_stats.v3.LoadStatsResponse.load_reporting_interval>`.

> Envoy config with LRS can be found at :ref:`envoy.yaml </start/sandboxes/_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml>`.

Author: Done.
FWIW, my personal preference is to have it as a link to the github page rather than requiring me to download the file.
context: https://storage.googleapis.com/envoy-pr/2a94f65/docs/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_reporting_service.html#load-reporting-service-lrs

> Envoy config with LRS can be found at :ref:`envoy.yaml </start/sandboxes/_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml>`.

Reviewer: in which case use a `literalinclude` and include the relevant lines (with optional download)

linking to the repo file is inherently broken - its _the_ issue you are currently fixing

> Envoy config with LRS can be found at :ref:`envoy.yaml </start/sandboxes/_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml>`.

Reviewer: re above - fwiw, the links dont necessarily break, _if they are maintained exactly correctly_ as they link to a version of the repo - but if the links are not updated when any changes happen they link to a nonexistent file at that hash

mho, its better all round to just ensure the docs builds carry their own artefacts

the annoying bit with building rst is kinda one of its most useful features - ensuring all the internal linkage is correct

> Envoy config with LRS can be found at :ref:`envoy.yaml </start/sandboxes/_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml>`.

Author: Agreed that validating docs links/artifacts correctness make sense.

:ref:`LoadStatsRequest <envoy_v3_api_msg_service.load_stats.v3.LoadStatsRequest>`. This is done periodically
based on the :ref:`load reporting interval <envoy_v3_api_field_service.load_stats.v3.LoadStatsResponse.load_reporting_interval>`

> Envoy config with LRS can be found at :repo:`/examples/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml`.

Reviewer: @adisuissa it would be better to use the artefact that is available in the example docs

which i believe is ...

```suggestion
Envoy config with LRS can be found at `envoy.yml <_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yml>`
```

Author: Sure.
Just to double check, the suffix should be "yaml", right?
https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/main/examples/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml

Reviewer: yeah - it copies the file from `examples/` dir into docs rst/build

```console
$ ls examples/load-reporting-service/
docker-compose.yaml  envoy.yaml  example.rst  go.mod  go.sum  main.go  README.md  send_requests.sh  server  verify.sh
```

Reviewer: ah - apologies - i think this should have been ...

```suggestion
Envoy config with LRS can be found at `envoy.yml </_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yml>`
```

Reviewer: note: preceeding `/`

Author: Sure, trying that.
FWIW, I don't see the "/include" in places such as [this](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/dd7d9b0326967e32aef6accd87b30bf7b9543f53/docs/root/start/quick-start/configuration-static.rst?plain=1#L14).
That said, it may be because they are all `:download:` and not `:repo:`. Testing it out.

Reviewer: relative links - as this is not in the examples rst it needs to use an absolute link

Author: I'm not seeing a link, just text. Is this expected?
https://storage.googleapis.com/envoy-pr/4f60c1a/docs/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_reporting_service.html#load-reporting-service-lrs

Reviewer: apologies - no - it should have `:ref:` at the beginning - apologies for any confusion

Reviewer: my reason for pushing back/suggesting change is that it ensures the docs will always work (ie uses its own artefacts) whereas if we change the layout of repo in future (something im ~currently working on) the repo links will break

Author: build is broken with '/', so trying without.

Reviewer: pretty sure it needs it - if i get some time tomorrow ill look at the rst file tree and figure out what it should be

Reviewer: k @adisuissa built the rst and from that i can see the link should be `/start/sandboxes/_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml`

> Envoy config with LRS can be found at :repo:`envoy.yaml </_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Envoy config with LRS can be found at `envoy.yaml </_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml>`.
```

no `repo:` at beginning as this is reffing an rst artefact not linking to repo

Author: ok, I'll remove the :repo:, but I think that this didn't work previously.

:ref:`LoadStatsRequest <envoy_v3_api_msg_service.load_stats.v3.LoadStatsRequest>`. This is done periodically
based on the :ref:`load reporting interval <envoy_v3_api_field_service.load_stats.v3.LoadStatsResponse.load_reporting_interval>`.

Example of an Envoy config with LRS:

> .. literalinclude:: _include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. literalinclude:: /start/sandboxes/_include/load-reporting-service/envoy.yaml
```
